fix(S3): content review and update (#2447)
scaleway/docs-content: storage/object/api-cli/bucket-operations.mdx

This operation allows you to delete the bucket mentioned in the command.

<Message type="important">

>   Deleting a bucket will also delete all of its objects. For safety measures, the effective deletion of the bucket will start 24 hours after the deletion request. The bucket name will then be available for other customers to use.<br /><br />The billing of your resources stops as soon as you send the delete request.<br /><br />Once you do so, the bucket and its objects and versions will no longer be displayed in the console or available via the APIs. For this reason, we recommend you erase all objects and versions in the bucket before requesting the deletion, if you wish the bucket deletion to be effective immediately.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Deleting a bucket will also delete all of its objects. For safety measures, the effective deletion of the bucket will start 24 hours after the deletion request. The bucket name will then be available for other customers to use.<br /><br />The billing of your resources stops as soon as you request the deletion of your resources.<br /><br />Once you do so, the bucket and its objects and versions will no longer be displayed in the console or available via the API. For this reason, we recommend you delete all objects and versions in the bucket before requesting the deletion, if you wish the bucket deletion to be effective immediately.
```
